today's tekzilla daily is brought to you
by Hostgator web hosting powered
completely by wind energy welcome to
tekzilla daily i'm veronica belmont the
windows task manager is a good tool for
seeing which applications are open or
unresponsive which processes are running
keeping an eye on your cpu usage and
more for most people task manager is
more than enough but if you fancy
yourself a power user who need something
even better there's process Explorer you
can get process explorer for free at
technet microsoft com the biggest
improvement over windows built in tool
is that it puts all those processes
together in a tree so if you have a
program that's running multiple
processes for example chrome you can see
the total cpu usage for all your open
tabs instead of just individually you
can also trigger a lower pane that can
display either the DLLs for a selected
process or its handles it also lets you
find which processes correspond to a
given window by dragging the target icon
over any open window and of course you
can see all your graphs at display CPU
usage physical memory network and more
miniature versions are always at the top
of the window and clicking any of them
will enlarge it so if you want more from
your task manager try process Explorer
today now if you have a tip you would
like to share with the world let us know
email us at tekzilla ever vision three
calm and don't forget tekzilla.com it's
the place to find more tips tricks
product reviews and how to's
looking for a place to launch a blog or
website frustrated with customer support
at your current hosting provider go with
Hostgator and get up and running in
minutes the plant starting at just 4 95
a month you get top rated 24 7 customer
support access to tools including a
website builder with over 4000 templates
and post Gator will even migrate your
current site for free servers are one
hundred and thirty percent powered by
wind energy it's completely green web
hosting you'll also get unlimited disk
space unlimited bandwidth a 45-day
money-back guarantee and one hundred
dollar google adwords credit to market
your website plus right now for revision
three viewers hostgator is offering
twenty percent off your order or your
first month free go to wws gator calm
and enter the code tekzilla daily at
checkout to get your discount